[Applause]
hello everybody welcome to Jimmy Kimmel
Live I'm your guest host for the night
lean away what you are watching right
now is a girl from the south side of
Chicago living off her Arsenio Hall
dream look when I was growing up I used
to imagine hosting my own talk show I'm
thrilled I have two guests picked out
and everything lead guess was gonna be
Bill Cosby musical guest is gonna be our
Kelly yeah that would be nage we'll look
a lot of y'all probably know me from
ready playing one or master of none also
created a show a show and I'm also gonna
be on this new season of West world
the producers asked me like hey can you
interact with a bunch of robotic white
people I was like dude I live in
Hollywood that's pretty much I'm so
excited to be here you know my very
first gig was working at Blockbuster
Video now for those of you who are too
young to know what that is it's
basically Netflix but in person then I
move to LA I became a writer I won an
Emmy nom Jimmy kibble and I'm just gonna
tell all the kids out there look to
achieve your goals it takes years of
hustle and motivation just like nipsey
said you have to work hard unless your
mom is on Becky from Full House and you
just hang out no look obviously Jimmy's
not here because he had a big special in
primetime tonight
he teamed up with Norman Lear and a
bunch of big stars for a live recreation
of the Jeffersons and all in the family
yeah this is interesting because back
when all the family was on in 1971
America was pretty jacked up like we had
no equal rights for women black folks
were treated like second-class citizens
and the president obstructed justice and
repeatedly lied to the country so pretty
much today but without uber we've come
really far guys I mean this has been a
big week for me personally I turned 35
this past Friday
and I would try to celebrate that
birthday by hosting a lesbian gala in
Miami called sweet heat I don't drink
and when you tell people you don't drink
they expect you to explain why
especially in Miami so what I started
telling people I was pregnant but then
they kept offering me cocaine look we
don't have some fun tonight I have an
audience I got a house band and most
important I got my adorable security
guard Guillermo
look at you man you're a hard-working
Mexican immigrant with a great job
beautiful family you're thriving you're
successful you're killing it at life
you're basically Trump's worst nightmare
but he don't like you
man look but do you have any advice for
me tonight just be yourself and don't
let that son of a my diamond on
the show look I'll be honest I'm a
little nervous like I could use some
words of encouragement of something we
can push the the berry button what's the
berry button you push it when it when
you need something very important look
that man is my first late night hosting
game that's pretty important now should
we do this man
[Applause]
I was out with all my friends
celebrating him okay yeah yeah yeah you
push the button yeah
so I ran over here her bass is a cup
there's a weird cuz you don't seem to be
sweating the only a little bit out of
breath well cuz Halle Berry don't sweat
that make sense so now that I'm here
baby what can I do for you look I need
some inspiration okay like that Oscar
speech you gave they got me height okay
I need you to like give me some of Halle
Berry juice okay all right I got you all
right let's hit let's hit it
Lena yes you know I know you right yeah
we've worked together yes so I know that
you are a force of nature's right you
are a beautiful african-american queen
[Applause]
[Music]
not tonight you are a writer or an actor
a producer and tonight you are a
late-night comedian and you're out to
slay already winning girl cuz you are
dressed way better than Jimmy you gotta
do you need something else I mean I
think I'm good no I think you need
something else Oh
[Applause]
if you want to make me good okay look at
that camera and you plug John wick right
now okay look John wick chapter three
pair of elements in theaters now go see
that
[Applause]
Wow yo yo yo gear but do we fit product
button off the wall with that bow we
have a great show for you tonight they
let me pick my guess and I picked some
pretty good ones if I do say so myself
making our television debut tonight we
have musical guest chica produce on bt
you know what bt stands for no it's okay
do i neither do I look
look I came here I'm saying this but
John Travolta is
like all his movies man like look who's
talking look who's talking - and my
personal favorite look who's talking now
who don't love talking babies except for
that big one who lives in the White
House that was a good joke I believe -
high-five somebody after that gene you
know what to do yes
[Applause]
I'm here
to be real honest we're gonna be a gif
out there of me high-five of Halle Berry
yeah okay now it's time for something
fun and maybe a little educational -
look I believe we have to look at the
future to promote and mentor the next
generation any way we can so I'm always
out there searching for young
undiscovered riding talent to work with
and in preparation for the night I
stumbled a group of some of the
fresh-faced up-and-coming writers in
town to give them a chance to pitch
their ideas for my monologue tonight
take a look okay so I spend a lot of
time looking for the best writers in the
business and they told me that was you
guys I said who's the best of the best
was the cream of the crop apparently
that was y'all that's why y'all are here
because tonight is a big deal all right
I'm hosting Kimmel for the first time
and I can't mess it up so what I need to
know is have you ever have y'all ever
written anything before I've gotten
second place in this district-wide
writing competition okay he's the model
minority right now what are y'all doing
what else have you guys written comedy
jokes
oh okay Jackson give it to me real
estate what what do you call a dog
that's wearing a ugly sweater
Bill Cosby app ugly sweater okay that's
good keep that with your back pocket
save it for your pilot say that for your
pilot okay you go you get it I hope I
hop I
what are you where you happen to I'm
hopping to England you happen to England
what's it England you don't know but you
know the Brits are funny really well
right no you know what a Brit is no okay
this is already got going okay go ahead
why did the seagull fly over the sea I
don't know but I feel like it's gonna be
a real brilliant answer he about to shut
it down give it to me because if you
blow over the bank he'll be called a
bagel there you go okay he's killing it
he's killing it I told you he was good
yeah you told me you didn't tell me he
had to he was extra special okay cool
okay so we got the bagel joke all right
now who got some weird ideas we could
make George Washington come back
the dead okay what is about George
Washington that you like he hasn't he
has nice hair
okay he does have nice here well I'm
speaking of you get the politics in here
that's a big part of monologues on
late-night shows do you all know who
this is you know this guy okay look
here's the deal
does he have anything in common with
George Washington you said he had the
hair George Washington actually lost
more battles as general than he actually
want it seems like crumbs for also
fighting a losing battle okay man don't
wear mo this is that's a good hire he's
amazing
okay so I want to know do y'all know
what a setup and a punch line is you
don't know what that is
yeah like you set it up and then you
give it a punch so I'm gonna give you a
setup and then y'all hit with the punch
line all right doll shot it all out at
once here we go so HBO series Game of
Thrones ended on Sunday now if you want
to see dragons you'll have to go to hit
me hot-diggity-dog
I don't know what that is who's gonna go
ahead out dragons University okay I'll
take that okay a coffee shop in San
Francisco we're selling a cup of coffee
that costs $75 I would only spend that
much on coffee if it had popcorn okay
okay that's a popcorn hot dog okay y'all
have spending money on things that you
should not be spending money I would
only spend $75 on cup of coffee if it
also came with my tax refunds
[Applause]
okay I'm gonna give you all another set
up all right an ice cream company in
Ireland has made a chicken nugget
flavored ice cream which is still better
than the last ice cream that tasted like
Lucky Charms
that will probably taste good they're
frying up that's funny okay go ahead
Alex crap crap all right look we are
coming with some sketch ideas next all
right I got one
okay what's the sketch idea wait I'm not
it's finished you're not fair you're not
ready okay pump fake okay sketch idea
okay go ahead
so ariana grande seeing seven rings okay
ariana grande's in it okay we got a book
her and then me dancing offstage okay so
you did it oh okay okay you got
choreography got it got it okay so you
and Ariana basin's just doing a concert
that's the musical piece okay what about
it is a sketch oh right okay okay we
need something funny we did some funny
guys okay come on
so we can make kind of like friends
thing we're like a bunch of does
everybody know what friends is oh yeah
so it's a kids version and one kid
accidentally drinks coffee so she goes
crazy and then she lost all her memory
and she got transported into this Wizard
of Oz land where she saw a bunch of
munchkins that accidentally ate the
Wicked Witch of the West so it turned to
cannibalism so now is math club friends
is called Campbell's
okay you knew that the gear type that up
man yeah this is a great idea I think
that's it man let's do it let's do some
friends eating each other yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
baby yes Monica what are you drinking
[Applause]
[Music]
alright Tama this is trash
all y'all a fireman bounce roll get the
Stepan hold on okay
you're gifted you got to stay
hey Howie what a brutal man look one
more thing before we move on an ice
cream company in Ireland hasn't made a
chicken nugget flavored ice cream which
is still better than their last ice
cream it tasted like crap
all right kids all right you're rehired
you're gonna laugh
[Applause]
thanks for watching if you liked that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it will you hurt my
feelings